DOCS-1044, DOCS-1050: Provide model implementation guidance (#1705)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/key-concepts.md

### Namespace

Models are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets in the form `namespace:family:name`, and are named according to the Viam API that your model implements.

Models are either:

> - Built-in to the RDK, and included when you [install `viam-server`](/installation/) or when you use one of the [Viam SDKs](/program/apis/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Built into the RDK, and included when you [install `viam-server`](/installation/) or when you use one of the [Viam SDKs](/program/apis/).
```

- Provided in custom modules available for download from [the Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module), and are written by either Viam or community users.

A model with the `viam` namespace is always Viam-provided.

#### Built-in namespaces

Viam provides many built-in models that implement API capabilities, each using `rdk` as the `namespace`, and `builtin` as the `family`.

For example:

- The `rdk:builtin:gpio` model of the `rdk:component:motor` API provides RDK support for [GPIO-controlled DC motors](/components/motor/gpio/).
- The `rdk:builtin:DMC4000` model of the same `rdk:component:motor` API provides RDK support for the [DMC4000](/components/motor/dmc4000/) motor.

#### Viam Registry namespaces

The [Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module) makes available both Viam-provided and community-written modules for download and use on your robot.
Each module provides one or more models.
Guidance for naming your models for upload to the Viam Registry depends on whether your module will be implementing a single model, or multiple models:

- If your module provides a single model, the `family` should match the `subtype` of whichever API your model implements.

>   For example, the Intel Realsense module `realsense`, available from [the Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/realsense), implements the `camera` component API, so is named as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the Intel Realsense module `realsense`, available from [the Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/realsense), implements the `camera` component API, so it is named as follows:
```
[opt] Sounds better to me but seems fine either way

  ```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
  {
    "api": "rdk:component:camera",
    "model": "viam:camera:realsense"
  }
  ```

- If your module provides multiple models, the `family` should describe the common functionality provided across all the models of that module.

>   For example, the ODrive module `odrive`, available from [the Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive), implements several `motor` component APIs, so is named as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the ODrive module `odrive`, available from [the Viam Registry](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive), implements several `motor` component APIs, so it is named as follows:
```
[opt]
